Improve plugin architecture (#5553)
yt-dlp/yt-dlp: README.md

    * If `-P` is not given, the current directory is searched
1. **User Configuration**:
    * `${XDG_CONFIG_HOME}/yt-dlp/config` (recommended on Linux/macOS)
    * `${XDG_CONFIG_HOME}/yt-dlp/config.txt`
    * `${XDG_CONFIG_HOME}/yt-dlp.conf`
    * `${APPDATA}/yt-dlp/config` (recommended on Windows)
    * `${APPDATA}/yt-dlp/config.txt`
    * `~/yt-dlp.conf`
    * `~/yt-dlp.conf.txt`
    * `~/.yt-dlp/config`
    * `~/.yt-dlp/config.txt`

    See also: [Notes about environment variables](#notes-about-environment-variables)
1. **System Configuration**:
    * `/etc/yt-dlp.conf`
    * `/etc/yt-dlp/config`

>     * `/etc/yt-dlp/config.txt`

Reviewer: I'm not fond of adding even more paths, but I see why it's necessary

- Plugins can be installed and managed using `pip` (see [ytdlp-sample-plugins](https://github.com/coletdjnz/ytdlp-sample-plugins) for an example)
- Plugins can be installed in the root directory of the binary (where `<root-dir>/yt-dlp.exe`, `<root-dir>/ytdlp_plugins/`)
- Or, if you are running directly from the source code, plugins can be installed in the root directory of the module (where `<root dir>/yt_dlp/__main__.py`, `<root-dir>/ytdlp_plugins/`)

.zip, .egg and .whl archives containing `ytdlp_plugins` in their root are also supported:
- e.g. `${XDG_CONFIG_HOME}/yt-dlp/plugins/myplugin.zip/` where `myplugin.zip` contains `ytdlp_plugins/<type>/myplugin.py`

Run yt-dlp with `--verbose`/`-v` to check if the plugin has been loaded.

## Developing Plugins

See [ytdlp-sample-plugins](https://github.com/coletdjnz/ytdlp-sample-plugins) for a sample plugin package. 

To run and debug:
1. Set your IDE's run configuration to run the `yt_dlp` Python module.
2. Add your project's root directory containing `ytdlp_plugins` to `PYTHONPATH` environment variable (this may not be necessary with some IDE run configurations)

> 3. The `ytdlp_plugins` folder should be automatically picked up by yt-dlp (run with `-v` to check)

Author: move to the sample plugin repo maybe?

Reviewer: sounds good

yt-dlp looks for these `ytdlp_plugins` folders in various locations and reads in plugins from all of them.

See the [wiki for some known plugins](https://github.com/yt-dlp/yt-dlp/wiki/Plugins)

## Installing Plugins

Plugins can be installed in a variety of different ways. 

1. **User Plugins**:
    * `${XDG_CONFIG_HOME}/yt-dlp/plugins/<package name>/ytdlp_plugins/` (recommended on Linux/macOS)
    * `${APPDATA}/yt-dlp/plugins/<package name>/ytdlp_plugins/` (recommended on Windows)
    * `~/.yt-dlp/plugins/<package name>/ytdlp_plugins/`

2. **System Plugins**:
    * `/etc/yt-dlp/plugins/<package name>/ytdlp_plugins/`

3. **yt-dlp executable location**:
    * Binary: Plugins can be installed root directory of the binary (where `<root-dir>/yt-dlp.exe`, `<root-dir>/ytdlp_plugins/`)
    * Source: plugins can be installed in the root directory of the module (where `<root dir>/yt_dlp/__main__.py`, `<root-dir>/ytdlp_plugins/`)

4. **pip and other locations in `PYTHONPATH`**
    * Plugins can be installed and managed using `pip`. See [ytdlp-sample-plugins](https://github.com/coletdjnz/ytdlp-sample-plugins) for an example.
    * Any path in `PYTHONPATH` is searched in for `ytdlp_plugins`

>       * Note: This does not apply for Pyinstaller/py2exe builds.

Reviewer: You can reference #configuration. Something like `Plugins can be installed into a "plugins" folder under any [configuration directory](#configutation). E.g. ...`

Author: Hmm possibly. I do think these should go under a configuration directory heading. 

But I also think it is good to explicit about the locations, even if it is somewhat duplicated, just to make it easier and more clear for the average user.

Could do something like:
```diff
diff --git a/README.md b/README.md
index 2204bf546..d3b01f73f 100644
--- a/README.md
+++ b/README.md
@@ -1810,14 +1810,15 @@ ## Installing Plugins
 
 Plugins can be installed in a variety of different ways. 
 
-1. **User Plugins**:
-    * `${XDG_CONFIG_HOME}/yt-dlp/plugins/<package name>/ytdlp_plugins/` (recommended on Linux/macOS)
-    * `${APPDATA}/yt-dlp/plugins/<package name>/ytdlp_plugins/` (recommended on Windows)
-    * `~/.yt-dlp/plugins/<package name>/ytdlp_plugins/`
-
-2. **System Plugins**:
-    * `/etc/yt-dlp/plugins/<package name>/ytdlp_plugins/`
-
+1. **Configuration directories**:
+    * Plugins can be installed into a `plugins/<package name>` directory under any [configuration directory](#configuration).
+        * where `<package name>` is a folder containing `ytdlp_plugins`
+    * **User Plugins**
+      * `${XDG_CONFIG_HOME}/yt-dlp/plugins/<package name>/ytdlp_plugins/` (recommended on Linux/macOS)
+      * `${APPDATA}/yt-dlp/plugins/<package name>/ytdlp_plugins/` (recommended on Windows)
+      * `~/.yt-dlp/plugins/<package name>/ytdlp_plugins/`
+    * **System Plugins**
+      * `/etc/yt-dlp/plugins/<package name>/ytdlp_plugins/`
 3. **yt-dlp executable location**:
     * Binary: Plugins can be installed root directory of the binary (where `<root-dir>/yt-dlp.exe`, `<root-dir>/ytdlp_plugins/`)
     * Source: plugins can be installed in the root directory of the module (where `<root dir>/yt_dlp/__main__.py`, `<root-dir>/ytdlp_plugins/`)
@@ -1827,7 +1828,7 @@ ## Installing Plugins
     * Any path in `PYTHONPATH` is searched in for `ytdlp_plugins`
       * Note: This does not apply for Pyinstaller/py2exe builds.
 
-(where `<package name>` is a folder containing `ytdlp_plugins`)
+
 
 .zip, .egg and .whl archives containing `ytdlp_plugins` in their root are also supported. These can be placed in the same locations `ytdlp_plugins` can be found.
 - e.g. `${XDG_CONFIG_HOME}/yt-dlp/plugins/myplugin.zip` where `myplugin.zip` contains `ytdlp_plugins/<type>/myplugin.py`
 ```

(where `<package name>` is a folder containing `ytdlp_plugins`)

.zip, .egg and .whl archives containing `ytdlp_plugins` in their root are also supported. These can be placed in the same locations `ytdlp_plugins` can be found.
- e.g. `${XDG_CONFIG_HOME}/yt-dlp/plugins/myplugin.zip` where `myplugin.zip` contains `ytdlp_plugins/<type>/myplugin.py`

Run yt-dlp with `--verbose`/`-v` to check if the plugin has been loaded.

## Developing Plugins

> See [ytdlp-sample-plugins](https://github.com/coletdjnz/ytdlp-sample-plugins) for a sample plugin package with instructions on how to set up an environment for plugin development. 

Reviewer: Move this under the org

> Plugin classes can be excluded from being imported by prefixing the class name with an underscore (e.g. `_MyBasePluginIE`), 
> or by defining `__all__` with only the classes you want to import.
> 
> Modules can similarly be excluded by prefixing the module name with an underscore (e.g. `_myplugin.py`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All public classes with a name ending in `IE` are imported from each file. This respects underscore prefix (e.g. `_MyBasePluginIE` is private) and `__all__`. Modules can similarly be excluded by prefixing the module name with an underscore (e.g. `_myplugin.py`)
```
